First draft, adding screenshot and a little reorganization (#1082)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/pouta/vm-lifecycle.md

machine is deleted, excluding any attached volumes. Once the virtual
machine is deleted, you are no longer billed for it.

## Save Your billing units

The figure below illustrates the state transitions between
states.

![Virtual machine lifecycle](/img/instance-lifecycle-1.png)

In the above section, we discussed the main states of virtual
machines in Pouta. Theoretically, there are other states as well.
The full list of states and their behaviors: [OpenStack documentation](https://developer.openstack.org/api-guide/compute/server_concepts.html).

In order to transition between states, you have two main options, use the [Command line client tools](/cloud/pouta/command-line-tools/), or use the webinterface.

> From the webinterface you can transition your VM to all these states. In the main page of the Pouta web interface, open the **Instances** view. Under the **Actions** column, you will be able to see a dropdown menu with all the possible options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the web interface you can transition your VM to all these states. In the main page of the Pouta web interface, open the **Instances** view. Under the **Actions** column, you will be able to see a drop-down menu with all the possible options.
```
